The following is our current strategy for Source Control and
eventual migration to CVS.

The following will be available on www.rosecroft.net

  1. The current release (e.g. FreeM-0.x.0) for those just wanting the
     current source code.
  2. The RCS repository available (FreeM.tgz) which includes the 
     scripts that I use to manage it (I use RCS, and the repository
     starts with the original Shalom version as RCS 0.0... Ron Fox's
     release is 0.1, and the first GUM Project release will be 1.0).

  Brief discussion of the current approach on source code management for
  FreeM: (this is also outlined in FreeM-Checkpoint.txt)

  1. All files and directories of files that participate in a release
     of the software are at the same revision within the repository.
  2. A directory of all files currently participating in the package
     are listed in a file named '.files'.
  3. A directory of all 'directories' of files currently participating
     in the package are listed in a file named '.dirs'.
  4. A directory of all files that exist only as "binary" files (e.g.
     any 'gif' or other image thingys) are encoded to a "mail safe"
     format (e.g. base64, uuencode) and listed in a file named '.encode'.
  5. Scripts are supplied to manage the collection (driven by .files and
     .dirs) to check in/out, diff, make distributions (of participating
     files only), etc...
       ckRCSfiles    Walks the current directory ('.') looking for files
                     and directories that are missing from the .files
		     and .dirs control files.
       doRCSprocess  Driven by .files and .dirs to do things like ci, co,
                     rcsdiff, etc.
       mkRCSdist     Driven by .files and .dirs to make a hierarchical
                     copy of the currently active files.
       mkRCSfiles    Walks the current directory ('.') and creates the
                     .files and .dirs control files.
  6. FreeM is currently Version 0.
  7. All "releases" of FreeM are numbered with a monotonically increasing
     by one RCS major revision number, minor revision 0, resulting in:
     FreeM-0.<RCSmajor>.<RCSminor> where <RCSminor> is 0.
  8. The <RCSminor> number is reserved to be used by the local installation
     (e.g. you).
  9. Submitted changes (context diffs) are relative to the <RCSmajor>.0
     release.
